that's a potato that costs around 30
cents and that's a motorola that
costs about 3 billion each his
priorities
and since I already had my breakfast
today we will talk about motorola which
is the main subject of all
discussions around the coffee machine
by the way we talked about it there is not
five minutes with the coffee machine
hello to all we are on thursday 30
January 2014 is the fresh news of the
day it's gone from a thunderclap
so on the high tech planet
last night the rippe edge boss of google
announced that it has concluded a
motorola mobility sale in chinese
lenovo for the modest fee of 2.91
billions of amazing dollars because google
had bought the same motorola mobility
for $ 12 billion and barely
two years old and therefore resells it today
for four times less google is he
plant is probably a little bit but
not completely
very interested in buying patents
of motorola that accumulated
for nearly twenty years of activities
around mobile and networks
google will eventually keep them
are over 2000 including the to
of years like the famous stud project of
smartphones in kit repeat I have
indicated last night that this assignment
will allow google to focus on
the android ecosystem and that lenovo
could on his side perfectly do
of motorola a brand again
a must in the hardware market
but we can not help thinking that
motorola at google was a baking
failure
the research giant had decided to
bet on a pro american speech
whose motorola practice the exercise at the
perfection with the motorcycle x manufactured at
united states it is customizable to
will but only for sales
in the US market motorola does not have
managed to recapture the market and
sales remained more confidential
than hoped even if motorola occupies
now third place
android smartphones in the united states after
a redemption offer of blackberry that
had failed and it's finally in
buying a pure US product that
lenovo makes its massive entry on the
territory of uncle sam and more
widely in the
western in china where lenovo dominates
largely the market this redemption of
motorola mobility will reinforce it in
his leadership position especially in front of a
new danger in the middle worsened
apple that just landed there
few days such an info to three
weeks of the mobile world congress of
Barcelona is interesting is bigrement
will be there and the google sphere
motorola the new what is being
at the heart of all the discussions
it's not going to be sad last night at
the opportunity to announce its results
quarterly facebook unveiled a
set of interesting numbers
now the largest social network of the
world against a billion and 230 million
of members is 16% more than there is a
year and among them 757 million is
connect every day for the
first time more than half of
members do it from a mobile and
it is also on the mobile that the
majority of advertising revenue 53%
exactly without reapplying so we can
now consider facebook as a
mobile company they say the same and
the results are excellent for
facebook the action has reached briefly
the 60 dollars last night
highest historical for the company
of mark zuckerberg beyond the numbers
facebook has confirmed its ambition to
put more emphasis on its applications
mobile
so after the refreshment of
messenger at the end of the year facebook
could soon come out of new API
for smartphones like for example a
application for reading news and
schedule we follow that with
Warning
remember this home from home in you
already spoke a few weeks ago the
site had marked us by his
originality
summum is an advertised site
real estate a little apart because it allows
to connect people who
rent or sell apartments of
homes and those who seek
but it does it like a site
meeting by taking into account the
tastes of each other
summum also has the particularity of
propose the management of his files of
fully
dematerialized in clear when you create
an account on the site summum
you do not have to go back any more
a folder to rent an apartment at each
times everything went into the website a
once and for all
today sum goes even further and
proposes to substantially all of
his skills in your pocket
with the release of his mobile application
it adds the possibility of making
real-time searches through the
geolocation when you walk in
the city
knowing the hassle of finding a
appart in the big cities
we are convinced that we are man
can be of service to all who
desperately years renter and of
the other side a free apartment is
available today on ios and
android summum and our app blow of
heart of the day copper the question of the day
we come from Sasha who seeks the
ultimate photophone
he is not the only one he would like
buy a nokia that has an excellent
reputation on this ground the mine is
not very hot to pass this windows
phone he asks us so what are
the best photophone currently
available on the market whatever
the platform
hello sacha thank you for your question and
your fidelity to the show is not the
first time you send a
question then it is true that nokia
would hit very hard with his famous
41 megapixel sensor introduced on
the put review 808 is integrated in lumia
1020 but you have to know that the result
a good photo is not due to that
number of pixels following the marks
the models the platforms and the
each manufacturer's apps has trumps
undeniable
so you have to rely on
stabilization there too nokia does very
strong with chips made by
stmicroelectronics but who are
now available for all
builders on colorimetry
the fifth iphone everybody flat
with two flashes of
different color the pictures are
now as beautiful in light
artificial that natural light
also note the video is on this
apple stitch is also very good but
samsung already allows to film in 4k with
the scg alexi note 3 and the result is
really impressive we can quote
also the wealth of photo apps
on ios they are of incredible quality
and some achieves a
setting level previously reserved
to professional reflexes on android
the very good apps are much less
many to finish know that the
weak point of all the photophones get
not sorry but behind
the device we advise you to go from
time to learn how to take photos
for that you can for example look
our special show published in the summer
last is still relevant
shame but the link here I remind you
you have 24 hours left to answer
at our great poll freche we got
by the way decided given the returns that
you have done to devote a
special show next week
it should not be sad
there too I give you the link to
our poll frech us it's over
for today the sequel tomorrow and 10
he had a great day
Hi everybody